hi guys is Jackie from fashion snake and
this weekend my boyfriend got his
tickets to go with the group of friends
to see Blue Man Group it was my first
time seeing them and I really thought
they were cool and I loved those big
balls they were bouncing around I wish I
would have gotten the touch one and like
push it up but it didn't quite get to us
cuz we were in the balcony but still is
really cool because we'd have to see
more than the people on the floor
probably my boyfriend had seen the Blue
Man Group before in Las Vegas and he
said a lot there was a lot of new things
that they added to their routine
involving technology and cell phones
then after that we went to rock bottom
which is a brewery of the slash bar and
I found my perfect thing on the menu
order which was a big huge soft pretzel
with no greasy coating on it and it came
with this sort of spicy cheese dip I
really love soft pretzels and they're
really hard to find because I don't like
them with that greasy coating so I like
basically the ones that Target and now I
find the perfect one at rock bottom so
it makes me very happy and my friend
also had them they give you two huge
ones so you can always take one home
with you want to and save it for later
today I'm wearing a bold and heavy
sweatshirt
it's called Haute hippie wild horses
sweatshirt it comes in grey and black
but actually I got it up up shop up and
they exclusively carried the black one
and
black one a lot better than the gray but
you can find it gray like everyone else
if you look up old hippie wild horses
sweatshirt and I layered it over this
Wolford to dress you can make this into
a skirt a tube top a dress a long skirt
anything you want basically it's a
really good item to have in your closet
because Wolford makes really nice stuff
also I'm wearing this RJ Graziano
necklace crystals really like this and
I'm umyou suede pumps I got these from
the party still so they were nude
colored but they're more like I don't
know more like a light pink girl like
purplish color but I like them anyway
there were about $300 which is pretty
good for Miu Miu and that's my outfit
today and I had a really good weekend so
I guess I'll talk to you guys later
[Music]
[Applause]